Hello and welcome to this Python tutorial.
So, in the previous tutorials,
we pre-processed our data here,
then we fitted Logistic Regression to the Training set
and now today we're going to predict the test set results.
So, it's gonna be very fast,
it's going to take us one line, so let's write it.
We're going to introduce a new variable here
that we're gonna call y_pred
because y_pred is going to be the vector of predictions.
That means that it's going to be the vector
that gives the prediction of each
of the test set observation.
So, let's compute this vector.
Simply to compute it, we're gonna take our classifier
that we created in the previous tutorial,
the classifier that was fitted to the training set
and here we're gonna use another method
of the LogisticRegression class
because the classifier is an object
of the LogisticRegression class.
And this method is going to be this time the predict method.
Very simply here it is.
Predict.
And in parenthesis, we have to input an argument.
In your opinion, what is this argument going to be?
We are going to predict the results
of the X_test observation,
so here we have to input X_test.
Okay and it's ready, so let's select this line,
press Command and Control + Enter to execute
and here we go.
Our vector of predictions y_pred is ready.
Let's have a look.
So, y_pred is just here
and if we open our test set,
you're gonna understand what it does.
So, remember, this was scaled so we cannot interpret this
but here was the Age column and here was the Salary column.
So, let's take, for example, the first user.
Here we have zero which means
that our LogisticRegression classifier predicted
that this user didn't buy the SUV car.
However, if we look at the seventh observation here,
so the seventh user,
here we have a one which means
that the LogisticRegression classifier predicted
that this user bought the SUV car.
Let's close this and this
and that's it for this tutorial.
That's how you predict the test set results
with our LogisticRegression classifier.
In the next tutorial, we will be evaluating the performance
of this LogisticRegression classifier
using the confusion matrix,
so we're gonna see the number of correct predictions
and the number of incorrect predictions
that our LogisticRegression classifier made.
So, I look forward to seeing you in the next tutorial
and until then, enjoy machine learning.